PPTT-3102 described two new javascript tracking client functions (#761)
PiwikPRO/PPMS-PublicDocs: data_collection/web/javascript_tracking_client/api.rst

            .. code-block:: javascript

                jstc.trackError(new Error("Uncaught SyntaxError"));

.. function:: getTrackingSource()

>     Returns tracking source data identifying the library and passed in ``ts_n`` and ``ts_v`` tracking parameters.
>     The default tracking source can be overwritten using :ref:`setTrackingSource<jtc-api-setTrackingSource>` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns tracking source name and version that identifies the library sending request for debugging purposes.
    The default tracking source is ``jstc`` and can be overwritten using :ref:`setTrackingSource<jtc-api-setTrackingSource>` function.
```

Author: We don't collect source data only for debugging, we might at some point show a report with sources. How about this?
```suggestion
    Returns tracking source name and version that identifies the library sending tracking requests.
    This data will be passed in ``ts_n`` and ``ts_v`` tracking parameters.
    The default tracking source is ``jstc`` and can be overwritten using :ref:`setTrackingSource<jtc-api-setTrackingSource>` function.
```

Reviewer: OK, just drop the specifics about `ts_n`` and ``ts_v`` tracking parameters. We don't mention how data is sent in other parts of documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
    Returns tracking source name and version that identifies the library sending tracking requests.
    The default tracking source is ``jstc`` and can be overwritten using :ref:`setTrackingSource<jtc-api-setTrackingSource>` function.
```

    :returns: A tuple with tracking source name and version, e.g. ``["jstc", "2.3.1"]``

    Example of usage:

    .. tabs::

        .. group-tab:: Command queue

            .. code-block:: javascript

                _paq.push([function() {
                    var nameAndVersion = this.getTrackingSource();
                    console.log("name: " + nameAndVersion[0]);
                    console.log("version: " + nameAndVersion[1]);
                }]);

        .. group-tab:: JavaScript Tracking Client object

            .. code-block:: javascript

                var nameAndVersion = jstc.getTrackingSource();
                console.log("name: " + nameAndVersion[0]);
                console.log("version: " + nameAndVersion[1]);

.. _jtc-api-setTrackingSource:

.. function:: setTrackingSource(name, version)

    Overwrites the default tracking source.

    :param string name: **Required** Tracking source name, e.g. ``"custom-source"``

>     :param string version: Tracking source version, e.g. ``"1.0.0"``. If skipped, the version will not change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :param string version: **Optional** Tracking source version, e.g. ``"1.0.0"``. If skipped, the version will not change.
```
